I'm excited I thought Maddon told you
what we were doing yeah myself yesterday
yeah yes all right so Matt and I were in
a supermarket in MIDI in Colombia and
all of a sudden we noticed somebody's
staring at us in line very strangely was
watching two guys and I say whoa
at this yes theory and I say no there's
no way there are in Merrion they talking
in English there are easier they were
paying and they say some words in
English and I say man this is crazy
history I was really excited that
excited that I forgot to pay the coat
Juan Pablo was the first person that
recognized us in Colombia and genuinely
seemed like a hilarious guy so we told
him since you already know what we do
how would you feel about letting yes
theory kidnap you and take control of
your day for 24 hours he immediately
took a day off from work and came
straight to our house without having any
idea what adventure would take him on
the following day
[Music]
but what's up like 30 minutes late 30
minutes late
yep he doesn't really know we're doing
you decided to say yes I took some time
off work and come join us on this
adventure I'm actually shake for work so
if you're JP is employer I hope you are
watching this did you did you ever think
that you're going to see somebody I was
convinced that I was gonna meet you all
of you but in Vegas in San Francisco hey
girl
never in Colombia
it is insane all right well so this is
what we're doing you're gonna ride with
to our all the way to Santa Fe
these guys are Specter that big time
gave us the motorcycle charge they're
the only ones that rent motorcycle from
the in action yeah so if you go too many
unnecessary something fun to do what
we've been doesn't matter but didn't
doesn't bang that it's that fee
something you do if you come if you
don't drive like a Colombian drive it's
awkward and it's weird is more dangerous
than if you drive like that love you
alright so I guess our theme of starting
our own biker gang is about to become a
reality right behind us there's like ten
of us rolling out yet we've been rolling
through the Colombian hills all the way
to Santa Fe which is a good beautiful
and incredibly scenic place let's be in
the same day what do you say mr.
mustache they've heard a lot of talk it
was a mustache
what I meant
let's go mustache to
[Music]
last second who decided that they're
insured and drive because he doesn't
have a driver's license and here we go
just get arrested with these moustaches
like the mug shot this is not fake
go talk to go
[Music]
Pablo how are you man I'm excited
that's also you man good ripping look at
this dog hi mr. Oh then he is taking a
little break and muddy paws climbing in
the freaking forest over here let could
not get better everyone next to the mat
just like what the I think it's time for
the mustaches to go oh now we can
actually smile and communicate Columbia
some of those beautiful places so this
guy pretty much kidnapped no idea what
we're doing but you just said yes and
it's just turning out to be the most
incredible day ever best weekend ever
[Music]
we're gonna take JP on a ride around the
town we're gonna head back go to a party
and I'm you know let's do it
there is the video of the day
so this is the third time today that
we've lost Juan Pablo berry bluffs we
keep making these stops and he's just
flying right past us and this time he
really did not see us at all he like 20
minutes ago he just a completely
different direction he's on his own he
thinks he's trying to catch up with us
maybe like ripping I'm good do you know
how to get too many in scooters okay
just go there and we will be there
survive for a first time on a bike has
it come
going there oh this is like somewhat
worried I'm somewhat scared and that I
got used to it and they're coming back
suck his monster he's crazy
he only hears go slow down the
kidnapping thing was really great
[Music]